
          Representation of Coordinates in FITS

            Latest revision 9 September 1996

This anonymous ftp area (fits.cv.nrao.edu /fits/documents/wcs) has
been set aside for documents concerning the representation of the
coordinates of the pixels in FITS images.  My two early AIPS Memos (27
and 46) have been recovered and recast into modern LaTeX (from TeX -1
or so).  In so doing, I redrew the figures for both memos in
PostScript, using AIPS to draw those for Memo 46 and "hand" drawing
those for Memo 27.  The files are called aips27.ps (of modest size)
and aips46.ps (about 600 kbyte in uncompressed form).  Therefore, it
is stored only in the Unix compressed form aips46.ps.Z.  Try "zcat
<file> | lpr -Pxxx" to avoid on-disk decompression; else "lpr -s -Pxxx
<file>" to avoid complaints about too-large files.

Another early document is found in the files wcs88.tex and wcs88.ps.
This document is a draft by Hanisch and Wells concerning the meeting
held in Charlottesville in 1988 on "world coordinates".

These earlier papers are intended to be superceded entirely by a new
document found (partly) in a file called wcs.tex.date.Z (the figures
are separate files not included in wcs.tex).  The real working
document for a FITS paper authored by myself and Mark Calabretta is
called wcs.none.ps.Z (no figures, prints quickly), and wcs.all.ps and
wcs.all.ps.Z (all figures).  The figures are drawn with PostScript
programs which have all been verified with our printers and ghostview.
However, we have found several models of "postscript" printer which
simply fail on the documents and others which work, but are
exceedingly slow.  Hence, the quicker-to-print version.

This is an evolving document, representing our opinion of the best
ways to represent coordinates.  To track earlier versions, I have left
the .tex copies of versions from June 1993, August 1993, September
1994, November 1994 and October 1995.  The June 1993 version was
widely advertised and presented at the AAS meeting in Berkeley.  The
August version was advertised and contained the results of some
discussions at Berkeley, primarily the reintroduction of the CDELTn
keywords.  The September 1994 version was discussed at the ADASS
meeting in Baltimore.  A document describing the changes from November
1994 to September 1996 is named wcs.9496.changes in the fits documents
area.

Don Wells has asked me to include files representing my poster papers
at the June 1993 AAS meeting and September 1994 ADASS meetings.  I
have added these as Talk93.tex.Z, Talk93.ps.Z, Talk94.tex.Z,
Talk94.tex.Z, Poster93.ps, and Poster94.ps.  The 93 poster may have to
be broken into separate pages for some printers.  The page breaks are
obvious (a full line of % signs).

Almost all of the files have been compressed using the standard Unix
compress command to save space and to speed network transmission.

If you find that you cannot read the papers via ftp, or cannot get
them to print, you may obtain paper copies of all 3 are by contacting

       Ernest Allen
       National Radio Astronomy Observatory
       520 Edgemont Road
       Charlottesville, VA 22903-2475

       e-mail: eallen@nrao.edu
       phone: 804-296-0209
       fax:   804-296-0328

Please let us know your comments (well-considered and temperate only), so
that we may develop a consensus which will allow the final wcs.ps to
become a new FITS standard.

                                     Thanks,

                                     Eric W. Greisen,
                                     Scientist.
                                     National Radio Astronomy Observatory
                                     egreisen@nrao.edu
                                     804-296-0348


       
