Newsgroups: sci.astro.fits
Subject: Who We Are (domains of voters)
Distribution: sci

I append a tabulation by domains of the 311 YES votes that were cast
in the vote that created newsgroup sci.astro.fits. I produced this
listing so that I could understand the nature and distribution of the
people of the worldwide FITS community. The listing tells me that:

* the FITS community is worldwide. YES votes were received from 14
countries: AU, CA, CH, DE, FR, IT, JP, NL, NZ, SE, TR (two BITnet
nodes), UK, US (edu, gov, mil, org), and ZA.
 
* the FITS community includes people in commercial sites. YES votes
were received from people at 17 companies. Some of them appear to be
contractors for NASA spacecraft/facilities, and one (ATT.COM) is Bell
Labs, but others have no obvious connection with astronomy research.
 
* the FITS community includes university people, not just "big center"
people. For example, in the EDU (US) domain YES votes were received
from 48 different universities.

* the FITS community includes "small" sites. It did not surprise me to
receive YES votes from people in the large well-known university
departments, many of which operate major observing facilities of their
own, but I was definitely surprised (and pleased!) by the number of
YES votes received from smaller institutions.

* the FITS community includes space agency sites. YES votes were
received from people on about 25 different NASA computers and about 4
different ESA-related computers.

* the FITS community includes non-astronomy people. YES votes were
received from people who appear to be associated with other research
disciplines.

* the FITS community includes major observatories, data centers and
software centers for all observed frequencies.  YES votes were cast by
people in large well-known observatories and national and
international centers all over the world, and spanning the full range
of radiation frequencies at which astronomical phenomena are observed.
Some obvious examples in which observatory/center/software names
appear as subdomain names include atnf.csiro.au (8 votes), dao.nrc.ca
(2), drao.nrc.ca (2), mpifr-bonn.mpg.de (1), ipac.caltech.edu (3),
cfht.hawaii.edu (15), jach.hawaii.edu (2), keck.hawaii.edu (1),
naic.edu (1), noao.edu (13), nrao.edu (18), stsci.edu (12),
gag.observ-gr.fr (1), simbad.u-strasbg.fr (1), arcetri.astro.it (1),
mtk.nao.ac.jp (2), nfra.nl (1), eso.org (12), oso.chalmers.se (3) and
starlink.rutherford.ac.uk (2). In addition, major NASA and ESA
spacecraft are observatories too; a scan down the nasa.gov domain list
shows the names of at least 5 major facilities in addition to the
names already listed: COBE, IUE, GRO, NSSDC and ROSAT.

				-*-

Note: in this listing SPAN machines are in the dnet.nasa.gov domain.

 311  total YES votes:
  18 au
   9   .csiro
   8   .     .atnf
       .     .rp
   8   .edu
   6   .   .anu
       .   .   .cscgpo
   5   .   .   .merlin
   2   .   .utas
       .   .    .cc.tasman
       .   .    .phys.physvax
       .oz.unsw.phys.isaac
   7 bitnet
           .citadel
           .erenj
           .scfmvs
           .tritu
           .triuvm11
           .unc
           .uqam
  14 ca
       .carleton.sce
       .dal.atm
   4   .nrc
   2   .   .dao
   2   .   .drao
       .queensu.qucdn
       .ubc.geop
   3   .ucalgary
       .        .acs
       .        .cpsc
       .        .iras
   2   .utoronto.astro.vela
       .uwo.julian
   2 ch
       .unibas.urz
       .unige.scsun
  18 com
        .ateq
        .att.hoh-2
        .cwa.dtalk
        .dec.nyo.riscy
        .es.dsd
        .fsg
        .gd.gdwest
   2    .ge
        .  .crd.crdos1
        .  .med.aslpet
        .lockheed.lmsc.iscnvx
        .mot.mcd.phx
        .msen
        .next@uucp.pixar%uucp.phuket
        .notable
        .rain.3cpu
        .rockwell.cr.cca.hwking
        .siemens.igor
        .socal.airdata
   5 de
       .fzi.gate
       .kfk.infpav4
       .mpg.mpifr-bonn.mpirbn
       .uni-erlangen.e-technik.lte
       .uni-kl.rhrk
 169 edu
   6    .arizona
   4    .       .as
   2    .       .lpl
        .       .   .asgard
        .asu.la.quasar
        .auburn.ducvax
   5    .berkeley
        .        .bkyast
        .        .ocf
   3    .        .ssl
        .bgsu.andy
   2    .bu
        .  .buast0
        .  .buast4
        .byu.astro
        .calpoly.nike
   8    .caltech
        .       .bbso.suncub
        .       .deimos
   2    .       .eccles
   3    .       .ipac
        .       .tapir
        .clark@uucp.clark%uucp.nsrvan
        .clemson.phys.gamma
        .colorado.pele
        .cornell.cit.cornellc
        .csun.solaria
        .cuny.ccny.sci
        .gatech.gtri01
   2    .gettysburg.cc
        .          .  .pluto
  11    .harvard
        .       .cfa203
        .       .cfa214
        .       .cfa236
        .       .cfa242
        .       .cfa244
        .       .cfa246
   3    .       .harvard
        .       .       @cfa0
   2    .       .       @decnet
        .       .       @      .cfa8
        .       .       @      .cfarg2
        .       .jasra
        .       .pelf
  21    .hawaii
  15    .      .cfht
   3    .      .ifa
   2    .      .   .galileo
        .      .   .maile
   2    .      .jach
        .      .keck
        .indiana@decnet.luna
   6    .mit
        .   .alioth
   2    .   .athena
        .   .lcs.silver
   2    .   .space
        .naic
        .nmt.jupiter
  13    .noao
        .    .tuc.vela
        .    @uucp.pyrrus
  18    .nrao
   4    .    .aoc
        .    .   .negra
   3    .    .   .zia
   9    .    .cv
        .    .  .colobus
        .    .  .gorilla
        .    .  .greystoke
        .    .  .macabre
   3    .    .  .polaris
        .    .  .saips
        .    .  .sngldsh
        .    .cx.fits
        .    .gb.lodestar
        .orst.math
        .pima.pimacc
        .princeton.pupgg
   2    .psu.astro
        .purdue.cs
   3    .rice
        .    .regulus
   2    .    .spacsun
        .stanford.egret1
  12    .stsci
        .     .fos
        .     .shadow
        .sunysb.ccmail
        .uchicago.galadriel
   9    .ucsc
   8    .    .helios
        .    .topaz
   2    .uiowa.physics
        .     .       .space
        .     .       .sunlight
        .ukans.cc.oread
        .ulowell.dragon
        .umbc.umbc4
   4    .umd.astro
        .umsl.slvaxa
        .uncecs@uucp.ecsvax
        .unm.vesta
   2    .utexas.as
        .      .  .dorrit
        .      .  .puck
        .utoledo.phya.anwsun
   5    .virginia
   2    .        .astro
        .        .     .astsun9
        .        .     .karma
   2    .        .clas.fermi
        .        .seas.fulton
        .vt.phys.astro
   3    .washington
        .          .cac
   2    .          .phys
        .          .    .phast
        .          .    .tahoma
   3    .wisc
        .    .astro.uwast
        .    .cs
        .    .sal.larry
        .wpi.wpi
        .yale.cs
   4 fr
       .cict.cix
       .cma.chimay
       .observ-gr.gag
       .u-strasbg.simbad
  34 gov
        .lanl.sstdp1
  32    .nasa
   2    .    .arc
        .    .   .orion
        .    .   .spectre
   9    .    .dnet
        .    .    .808.28
        .    .    .cass05
        .    .    .cobecl
        .    .    .estsaa
   2    .    .    .iuegtc
        .    .    .mpe
        .    .    .nhqvax
        .    .    .vilspa
  16    .    .gsfc
        .    .    .aruba
        .    .    .arupa
        .    .    .grossc
        .    .    .jansky
   4    .    .    .nssdca
        .    .    .rosgip
        .    .    .rosserv
        .    .    .serts
   3    .    .    .stars
        .    .    .tetra
        .    .    .xebec
   2    .    .jpl
        .    .   .herca
        .    .   .kuiper
        .    .msfc.ssl
   2    .    .nasamail
        .nih.helix
     it.astro.arcetri
   3 jp.ac
   2   .  .nao.mtk.c1
       .  .oita-u.cc.oita-cc
     mil.navy.nadn.mcdonald
     net.uu.uunet@uucp.crpi
     nl.nfra
   6 nz.ac
   3   .  .canterbury.csc
   3   .  .vuw
       .  .   .emf
       .  .   .kauri
       .  .   .matai
  15 org
  12    .eso
        .fidonet.ofa123
   2    .sub
        .   .abg.ark
        .   .gold.comet
   6 se
   3   .chalmers.oso
       .lu.astro
   2   .uu
       .  .laban
       .  .tdb.lucifer
   4 uk.ac
       .  .ic.cc
       .  .oxford
   2   .  .rutherford.starlink
   2 za.ac
       .  .ru.ruchem
       .  .uct.ucthpx
